Welcome to the club.

Important that we levelset across all locations and all members.

First thing — watch the quick video below. It’s just 2 minutes, but it matters. You’ll not only better understand who we are, what we’re doing, and why — but also how we make everything work, with your help.

[ Onboarding video here ]

This club only works because everyone — Members, Club Pros, and Neighborhood National — contributes. Not just money. Effort, care, attention. That’s what keeps the neighborhood real.

The Two Rules

Treat the club like it’s your own.

Don’t be an asshole.

Rule #2 is simple. It’s clear. And it tends to take care of itself.
Rule #1 takes more intention. It means respecting the space and the people. It means acting like a member, not a customer.

No script for Rule #1 — that would defeat the point. But here are a few things it does not mean:

Hole in the wall once? Happens. Same person doing it again and again? Not okay.

Catch the edge of the hitting strip once on accident? Happens. Keep doing it instead of moving 6 inches forward/back? Not okay.

Bring guests? Love it. Same guests, week after week, 4+ hours, no 5-star review and no one signs up for another membership? Not okay.

You wouldn’t be OK with these sorts of these things if this club were yours — and that’s the guidepost we need you to live by.

The Reality
Club Pros put in more than they get back. Same for us in the Pro Shop. We’re all fine with that, and actually love to do it — when members contribute beyond the dues that they pay as well.

That’s how this works. With everyone working together. Members, Club Pros, and Neighborhood National. We’re all investing — money, time, energy — into building something that doesn’t exist anywhere… something too good to be true from the outside, but very true once you move in.

Agreement (Survey questions)

You’ve watched the video, read the pledge, and seen the examples.
Now just a few simple questions to make sure we’re on the same page:

Will you treat this club like it’s yours?
Yes / No

Will you live by both rules?
Yes / No

Do you get what makes this different — more importantly, is it something you want to be part of?
Yes / No

(All “Yes” required to unlock the waiver and booking.)